README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#366)
ansible-collections/ansible.utils: README.md

The Ansible ``ansible.utils`` collection includes a variety of plugins that aid in the management, manipulation and visibility of data for the Ansible playbook developer.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.

>   * [Posts tagged with 'your tag'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Posts tagged with 'network'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/network): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.```

>   * [Refer to your forum group here if exists](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Ansible Network Automation Working Group](https://forum.ansible.com/g/network-wg/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [network](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/network).
```
